README.md, before:

# Getting Started with Create React App

This project was bootstrapped with [Create React App](https://github.com/facebook/create-react-app).

## Available Scripts

In the project directory, you can run:

### `npm start`

Runs the app in the development mode.\
Open [http://localhost:3000](http://localhost:3000) to view it in the browser.

The page will reload if you make edits.\
You will also see any lint errors in the console.

### `npm test`

Launches the test runner in the interactive watch mode.\
See the section about [running tests](https://facebook.github.io/create-react-app/docs/running-tests) for more information.

### TODO

- mortgage application form
- tests
- filtering mortgage products
- loading state
- rename App.tsx, sounds like application
- deploy

### DONE

- displaying mortgage products
- prettier/linting/tidied CreateReactApp files
- localized

### QUESTIONS

- how does `x-nesto-candidat` work?

### NOTES

- french translations are just whatever Google suggested
- would spend more time structuring CSS (either modules, tailwind, styled components, etc)
- I randomly picked what "tags" to feature on a mortgage product card, as well as the sorting options ¯\_(ツ)\_/¯

Commit message:

Used context to be able to edit application and refresh application list

README.md, after:

# Getting Started with Create React App

This project was bootstrapped with [Create React App](https://github.com/facebook/create-react-app).

## Available Scripts

In the project directory, you can run:

### `npm start`

Runs the app in the development mode.\
Open [http://localhost:3000](http://localhost:3000) to view it in the browser.

The page will reload if you make edits.\
You will also see any lint errors in the console.

### `npm test`

Launches the test runner in the interactive watch mode.\
See the section about [running tests](https://facebook.github.io/create-react-app/docs/running-tests) for more information.

### TODO

- tests
- filtering mortgage products
- loading state
- rename App.tsx, sounds like application
- deploy

### DONE

- displaying mortgage products
- sorting mortgage products
- able to create an application
- able to view list of applications
- able to edit application
- prettier/linting/tidied CreateReactApp files
- localized

### QUESTIONS

- how does `x-nesto-candidat` work?

### NOTES

- french translations are just whatever Google suggested
- would spend more time structuring CSS (either modules, tailwind, styled components, etc)
- I randomly picked what "tags" to feature on a mortgage product card, as well as the sorting options ¯\_(ツ)\_/¯
